Megan Callie and Jake Draymond discuss how media outlets tend to take ideas from independent podcasters without citing them, as well as how journalists are mostly activists pushing a specific political agenda. They also talk about the Gelman Amnesia effect, where journalists get too lazy to fact-check their stories, and how headlines are often changed to make stories more clickable. David Sacks has been seen as a prophet of urban doom due to his observations about San Francisco's streets, leading to a debate about the lack of empathy for small business owners who are struggling to stay afloat due to the homeless population. Chris and Jake discuss the current housing crisis in the US due to the defunding of mental health infrastructure by President Reagan in the 1980s and the lack of government action to address it. They also talk about how drugs have contributed to the crisis and criticize the current policy of using taxpayer money to build housing on expensive land. Microsoft is close to investing 10 million in Open AI, a company that is using AI to create content and answer queries. A group of investors including Sam Greg, Elon Reed, Jessica Peter Thiel, AWS, and YC have committed to donating over a billion dollars to support Open AI. Reed will be having conversations with chat GPT, a text-to-speech platform powered by AI. They discuss the potential of open AI capabilities becoming commoditized, with the real advantage coming from applications that have access to proprietary data sets. They also discuss the idea of a "conductor economy" where people are skilled at manipulating software to drive intentional outcomes and how it could catalyze a shift in the workforce. The discussion then explores the implications of classified documents being found in the homes of the last three presidential candidates: Joe Biden, Donald Trump, and Hillary Clinton. It is suggested that these incidents are a result of over-classification, which is a response to the Freedom of Information Act. The All In podcast discuss potential conflicts of interest and someone taking a cabinet position, as well as implications of becoming an ambassador.